content/contributing/adding-content/adding-articles-to-doks/index.md, before:

---
title: "Adding Articles to Doks"
description: ""
date: 2021-05-20T18:34:21+01:00
lastmod: 2021-05-20T18:34:21+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  contributing:
    parent: "adding-content"
weight: 2
images: []
toc: true
---

1. To add a New Article use the `jitsuin-doks` command

```bash
jitsuin-doks create contributing/adding-content/adding-articles-to-doks/index.md
```
Here you can see we have specified the `contributing` area, the `adding content` section and the name of our new article with a non-underscored `index.md` to indicate this is an article

{{< note >}}
**Note:** The name of each folder should be sluggified 
The command can then prefill the metadata accordingly
{{< /note >}}

2. Edit the newly created document and you should see a metadata template that has been prefilled at the top of the article

```markdown
---
title: "Adding Content Sections to Doks"
description: ""
date: 2021-05-20T12:03:27+01:00
lastmod: 2021-05-20T12:03:27+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  contributing:
    parent: "adding-content"
weight: 2
images: []
toc: true
---
```

There are a lot of attributes here but the key ones to set are as follows:

* `title` - This is the title that users will see, this should be prefilled by the `jitsuin-doks` command
* `description` - A description of the articles
* `draft` - If set to `true` this article will not be included or visible to Users (including the Developer Serve), this should be set to `false` when ready to publish
* `menu` - This indicates the hierarchy of the article
    *  `contributing` is the name of the area this article belongs to, for `docs` use that tag instead
        *  `parent` is the content section the article belongs to, use the sluggified identifier 
* `weight` - The numerical order in which the article should appear 
* `toc` - If set to `true` this will make sure the article is listed in the sidebar

3. Once all of the correct attributs have been set the article should be visible in the sidebar

Commit message:

Adding OpenAPI references to the Formatting Docs

content/contributing/adding-content/adding-articles-to-doks/index.md, after:

---
title: "Adding Articles to Jitsuin Docs"
description: ""
date: 2021-05-20T18:34:21+01:00
lastmod: 2021-05-20T18:34:21+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  contributing:
    parent: "adding-content"
weight: 3
images: []
toc: true
---

{{< note >}}
**Note:** For navigation purposes any new content is automatically added to the top level `content` folder and then follows the path you specify from there.
{{< /note >}}

1. To add a New Article use the `jitsuin-doks` command

```bash
jitsuin-doks create contributing/adding-content/adding-articles-to-doks/index.md
```
Here you can see we have specified the `contributing` area, the `adding content` section and the name of our new article with a non-underscored `index.md` to indicate this is an article

{{< note >}}
**Note:** The name of each folder should be sluggified, the command can then prefill the metadata accordingly.
{{< /note >}}

2. Edit the newly created document and you should see a metadata template that has been prefilled at the top of the article

```markdown
---
title: "Adding Content Sections to Doks"
description: ""
date: 2021-05-20T12:03:27+01:00
lastmod: 2021-05-20T12:03:27+01:00
draft: false
menu:
  contributing:
    parent: "adding-content"
weight: 2
images: []
toc: true
---
```

There are a lot of attributes here but the key ones to set are as follows:

* `title` - This is the title that users will see, this should be prefilled by the `jitsuin-doks` command
* `description` - A description of the articles
* `draft` - If set to `true` this article will not be included or visible to Users (including the Developer Serve), this should be set to `false` when ready to publish
* `menu` - This indicates the hierarchy of the article
    *  `contributing` is the name of the area this article belongs to, for `docs` use that tag instead
        *  `parent` is the content section the article belongs to, use the sluggified identifier 
* `weight` - The numerical order in which the article should appear 
* `toc` - If set to `true` this will make sure the article is listed in the sidebar

3. Once all of the correct attributs have been set the article should be visible in the sidebar
